docs: Add `cors` and `crypto` modules to readme (#36)
lukeed/worktop: readme.md

The `worktop/cookie` submodule contains `parse` and `stringify` utilities for dealing with cookie header(s).

### Module: `worktop/cors`

> [View `worktop/cors` API documentation](/src/cors.d.ts)
<!-- > [View `worktop/cors` API documentation](/docs/module.cors.md) -->

> The `worktop/cors` submodule contains `preflight` and `headers` utilities for dealing with [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `worktop/cors` submodule offers utilities for dealing with [Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) headers.
```
